[
  {
    "text_content": [
      "Today is: 2025-07-20T21:22:42.810Z",
      "Call Dentist",
      "+91 9022 92 0992",
      "+91 9405 04 5454",
      "Get Direction",
      "swapnil.rachha@gmail.com",
      "10.00 AM - 09.00 PM",
      "Follow Us",
      "Facebook",
      "Youtube",
      "Instagram",
      "Home",
      "About Us",
      "About Dr. Swapnil Rachha",
      "About Dr. Sneha Rachha",
      "About Dr. Shruti Sarwate Athalye",
      "About Dr. Vaibhavi Sarnaik",
      "About Clinic",
      "Services",
      "Root Canal Treatment",
      "Pediatric Dentistry",
      "Oral Health Consultation & X-Ray",
      "Dental Implants",
      "Orthodontic Treatment & Invisible Braces",
      "Cosmetic Treatment / Porcelain Veneers",
      "Dental Crowns, Bridges And Dentures",
      "Teeth Whitening",
      "Wisdom Tooth Painless Extraction",
      "Gum Surgeries And Healing",
      "Diet Counselling For Caries Prevention",
      "Laser Dentistry",
      "Dental Fillings",
      "Invisalign",
      "Denture",
      "TMJ",
      "Snoring and Sleep Apnea",
      "Gallery",
      "Image Gallery",
      "Video Gallery",
      "Testimonial Patients",
      "Blog",
      "Contact",
      "Speciality in Pediatric, Implant and Cosmetic Dentistry",
      "Soulful Dental Care",
      "Dr. Swapnil Rachha",
      "M.D.S. (Pediatric Dentist)",
      "Your Smiles Our Passion, A reason to happy smile is just an appointment away, Transform your smile - Transform your life",
      "Contact US Dr. Sneha Rachha | B.D.S, PGD Implantology",
      "Your Journey to a Confident Smile Begins Here",
      "Expert in Dental Implants",
      "Contact US Kid's-Friendly Dental Care That Builds Trust, Confidence, and Healthy Smiles for Life.",
      "Dental Clinic in Kothrud Pune | Multispecialty Dental Clinic in Pune | Soulful Dental Care - YouTube",
      "Welcome to Soulful Dental Care",
      "Dentist in Kothrud - Dr. Swapnil Rachha",
      "When seeking a trusted dentist in Kothrud, look no further than Soulful Dental Care. Renowned as the best dental clinic in Kothrud. Soulful Dental Care provides exceptional dental services, ranging from routine checkups to complex dental procedures, all delivered with a gentle touch and a commitment to patient comfort. Our team of experienced and compassionate dentists and dental hygienists prioritizes your well-being, ensuring a positive and myth-free dental experience. Soulful Dental Care is your one-stop destination for achieving a healthy and confident smile.",
      "Dedicated to perfecting dental health, resolving issues flawlessly.",
      "Reliable service, patient-centric approach assured.",
      "Constantly upgrading for wonderful treatment results.",
      "Quality dental care at affordable rates, convenient location",
      "More About Us",
      "Our Dental Services",
      "TMJ disorder involves dysfunction or pain in the temporomandibular joint, which connects the jawbone to the skull.",
      "Read More",
      "Dentures are removable prosthetic devices used to replace missing teeth and surrounding tissues",
      "Sleep apnea is a sleep disorder characterised by abnormal pauses in breathing or instances of abnormally low breathing, during sleep.",
      "Pediatric Dentistry is a branch of dentistry that deals with the dental and oral",
      "Dental Implant",
      "We know most of the people are facing missing tooth problem due to various reason.",
      "The process starts with protecting the gums and lips so that only the teeth are exposed",
      "Cosmetic Dentistry",
      "We can improve your facial appearance and boost your confidence with dental veneers",
      "Root Canal",
      "Soulful Dental care is provided the various dental treatment in Kothrud Pune.",
      "Crowns & Bridge",
      "Crowns are dental restorations which completely cap or encircle a tooth to improve",
      "Wisdom Teeth",
      "Wisdom teeth, also known as third molars, are the last set of molars to emerge in the back of the mouth",
      "Invisalign is a modern solution for achieving a straighter smile without the need for metal brackets or wires.",
      "Patient Comfort",
      "Innovative Technology",
      "Desired Result",
      "A Comprehensive Dental Clinic in Kothrud, Pune",
      "Dr. Swapnil Rachha, & Dr. Sneha Rachha at Soulful Dental Care is renowned as the best dentist in kothrud, and for excellent reasons. From routine check-ups to complex dental procedures, Dr. Rachha's proficiency ensures that each patient receives the finest dental clinic in Kothrud. If you're looking for a dental clinic that combines expertise with a warm and welcoming environment, look no further than Soulful Dental Care, where our commitment to dental excellence shines through in every patient's smile.",
      "Turning Your Smile Into An Experience",
      "Happy Patients",
      "Years of experience",
      "Dental Problem solved",
      "Reviews",
      "Your Smile Deserves the Best!",
      "We provide various services like Dental Implant, Invisible braces, Oral Health consultation and X-ray, Tooth whitening in Kothrud, Cosmetic Treatment in Kothrud, Teeth bridge in Kothrud, Teeth Crown, Root Canal Treatment in Kothrud and Teeth whitening in Kothrud Pune.",
      "Experienced Dentist",
      "Latest Equipment",
      "Quality Materials",
      "Affordable Cost",
      "Preventive Care",
      "Excellent Services",
      "Why People Choose Soulful Dental Care",
      "Book An Appointment",
      "We Are Ready To Serve Your Various Dental Problems",
      "We Provided in a comfortable well equipped clinic present at a convenient location, designed according to international standards.",
      "Name *",
      "Email *",
      "Phone",
      "Message *",
      "Submit",
      "TESTIMONIALS",
      "What People Say About Us",
      "Let’s know from our patients what they say about us! Their real-life experiences will help you understand the genuine reviews about us.",
      "Awesome Experience!Last week I visited a clinic for follow-up after one year of my son's treatment.I like to share my experience,Last year my son had a very serious dental problem, and he was not able to eat. We visited a senior dentist at Mahad (Raigad) town for treatment, but they advised us to take treatment from Panvel or Pune due to Oral diseases and poor condition of teeth.As suggested by our one relative we consult one of dentist in pune and as doctor suggested, we took full mouth x-ray and started the treatment however doctor unable to handle the son and doctor shouted to son continuously and son was fear and crying. so, we canceled the treatment and left the clinic. It was a very painful experience.After that I started to Search the pediatric dentist on google and after reading the description and review, we decided to consult Dr.Swapnil Rachha (Soulful Dental care).We were worried about how our son would respond to the doctor but that was surprising to us. The first visit itself happily co-opete to doctor for treatment. It is the Great Skill of Dr Swapnil to handle the kids during the treatment.During the treatment we visited the clinic several times, all times Dr. helped us and scheduled the appointments as per our convenience (as we were coming from the Mahad). The clinic's staff is supportive and good behavior.As written in the description there is \"High Quality treatment at Affordable Cost with High Standards.\" It is true as say in tagline of Soulful dental care \"Creating Beautiful Smile.\"Saying Thank You is not enough but......Thank You team Soulful dental care.Finally, today I feel what I spent on the treatment is not spending, it is investment on sons Health future.",
      "Dr. Raccha is very friendly with kids,My son broke his tooth. He guided us well and easily extracted the tooth",
      "Nice treatment very child friendly Clinic and hygiene",
      "Soulful dental clinic is where u get comfortness during treatment , use of advance technologies. Staff and specially Doctor Swapnil is very cooperative, friendly and makes patient feel comfortable without any anxiety.",
      "Amazing kids handling skill. My son was not ready to sit on dentist chair. Dr swapnil Rachha handled him very carefully and with lots of patience.We came to him to finish root canal treatment with crowning in 2 days. Despite of short notice,he completed it in 2 sittings. I am very happy with the Thank you so much Doctor.",
      "This Dental Clinic is truly amazing in their field! The team is very courteous, helpful and the doctors are very patient friendly and make the environment homely, hence there is no sense of fear and anxiety and we trust soulful dental for dental treatment of our entire family! Truly the best dentists in Kothrud and Pune",
      "I recently took my child to Soulful Dental Clinic and we had an amazing experience!Dr. Swapnil Rachha and his staff was friendly and professional, and they made sure my child was comfortable the entire time. The clinic was clean and the equipment was top of the line. My child’s teeth were examined thoroughly and we were provided with a detailed report of the findings. Dr. Rachha is very knowledgeable and he provided us with great tips and advice for better oral hygiene. I am very happy for child's treatment and I would highly recommend this child dentist to anyone looking for quality care for their children",
      "The experience with Dr. Swapnil Rachha and his team was exceptional.The way they handled my kids treatment was amazing. With kids being impatient they made sure that he was comfortable and did the treatment with my kid liking it. Not only with the kids, they are amazing with the adults as well. The way they carry out the dental procedures as well as approach the patients is amazing again. Thank you so much. We really appreciate it 😊",
      "Get Consultation",
      "Get consultation from the best dentist at Soulful Dental Care, Kothrud, Pune for optimal care.",
      "Frequently Asked Questions",
      "Why Choose Soulful Dental Care?",
      "At Soulful Dental Care, we prioritize your comfort and dental health with a patient-centric approach. Our clinic offers personalized care with a focus on gentle, high-quality treatments tailored to each individual. With experienced professionals like Dr. Swapnil Rachha and Dr. Sneha Rachha, we ensure that you receive expert guidance and a smooth, stress-free experience. Our state-of-the-art facilities, kid-friendly environment, and compassionate staff create a welcoming atmosphere for patients of all ages. Whether you need routine checkups, cosmetic procedures, or advanced treatments like dental implants, Soulful Dental Care is committed to providing the best possible care with a personal touch.",
      "What Services Does Soulful Dental Care Provide?",
      "Soulful Dental Care offers a wide range of services to meet all your dental needs. As a trusted dentist in Kothrud, they provide General Dentistry, Cosmetic Dentistry, Restorative Dentistry, Orthodontics, Pediatric Dentistry, and Oral Surgery.",
      "How Does Soulful Dental Care Differ From Traditional Dental Clinics?",
      "The focus is on holistic, patient-centered care, reducing stress, and treating the whole person, not just their dental issues.",
      "What Technology Does Soulful Dental Care Use?",
      "The clinic uses modern equipment like digital X-rays, intraoral cameras, and laser dentistry for precision and comfort.",
      "Is Soulful Dental Care Suitable For Children?",
      "Yes, Soulful Dental Care is ideal for children! As a trusted pediatric dentist in Pune, they provide specialized care tailored to kids' dental needs.",
      "Does Soulful Dental Care Offer Cosmetic Treatments?",
      "Yes, Soulful Dental Care offers a variety of cosmetic treatments! As a leading cosmetic dentist in Kothrud, they provide services such as teeth whitening, veneers, and dental bonding to enhance the appearance of your smile.",
      "What Holistic Techniques Are Used At Soulful Dental Care?",
      "They use natural dental materials, stress-reducing techniques like aromatherapy, and patient-centered care plans.",
      "Where Can I Find The Best Dental Clinic In Kothrud?",
      "You would find many dental clinics in Kothrud and Pune. However Soulful Dental Care is one of the best dental clinic in Kothrud where we believe in providing great service and we guarantee that every person will walk off from the clinic with satisfaction and a smile on his/her face.",
      "How To Choose the Best Dentist In Kothrud?",
      "To choose the best dentist in Kothrud, consider the tips: Qualifications and Experience, Patient Reviews, Services Offered, Technology and Facilities, and Consultation. Taking these factors into account will help you find a dentist who meets your needs in Kothrud.",
      "Is Root Canal Treatment Painful?",
      "No. Root canal treatment is completely painless. It's done under anesthesia, so patients feel comfortable during the procedure. After the treatment, your tooth may feel some discomfort but that can be relieved with prescribed medicines.",
      "Is Dental Implant Surgery Painful?",
      "The process is completely painless with using anesthesia. The process is minimally traumatic. After the surgery, the patient has to take painkillers prescribed by the dentist.",
      "What Common Dental Problems Are Suitable For Cosmetic Dentistry?",
      "Common dental problems suitable for cosmetic dentistry include: Discolored Teeth: Teeth whitening can brighten your smile. Chips and Cracks: Dental bonding or veneers can repair minor damages. Misaligned Teeth: Braces or clear aligners can improve alignment. Gaps: Bonding or veneers can close spaces between teeth. Misshapen Teeth: Cosmetic procedures can reshape irregular teeth. If you're in Kothrud, consider cosmetic dentistry to enhance your smile and boost your confidence!",
      "How Do I Make My First Appointment ?",
      "Call our clinic +91 9960789079 or directly visit clinic. You can also make your appointment online.",
      "How Often Should I Get a Dental Checkup?",
      "Most dentists recommend that you get a dental checkup every six months, or twice a year. This is because regular dental checkups can help detect and prevent dental problems before they become more serious and require more extensive treatment.",
      "What Are The Best Ways to Practice Good Oral Hygiene At Home ?",
      "Practicing good oral hygiene at home is essential to maintaining healthy teeth and gums. Here are some of the best ways to maintain good oral hygiene. Using products that contain fluoride. Limiting snacks that are high in sugar. Eating a balanced diet of fruits and vegetables. Avoiding tobacco in any form.",
      "What Kind Of Toothpaste And Toothbrush Should I Use?",
      "Look for toothpaste that contains fluoride, which can help prevent cavities and strengthen tooth enamel. Choose a toothbrush with soft bristles, which are gentle on your teeth and gums and less likely to cause damage.",
      "How Can I Prevent Cavities?",
      "Brush your teeth twice a day with fluoride toothpaste, Use a mouthwash that contains fluoride, Limit your intake of sugary and acidic foods and drinks , Visit the dentist regularly for professional cleanings and check-ups.",
      "latest news and article",
      "Latest News & Articles",
      "Read here the latest news and blogs about the new developments in the dental care industry and our services. These will help you develop an adequate knowledge of dental health.",
      "Do You Really Need a Dental Cleaning Every",
      "Tooth Injury In Kids At Home: Top 3",
      "Cleaning Baby Teeth Made Easy: Dentist-Recommended Techniques for",
      "Dental Clinic in Kothrud | Dental Clinic in Pune | Best Dental Clinic in Pune | Dentist in Kothrud | Best Dentist Near Me | Dentist in Pune | Best Dental Clinic in kothrud | Best Dentist in Kothrud | Dentist Near Me | Nearest Dental Clinic | Best Dental Clinic Near Me | Good Dentist In Kothrud | Dental Clinic Pune, Kothrud | Dentist in Kothrud | Pediatric Dentist in Kothrud | Dentist in karve road | Dental clinic in karve road | Pediatric Dentist In karve road",
      "Contact Us",
      "+91 9022920992",
      "+91 9405045454",
      "Follow Us -",
      "Address",
      "Office No.308, 3rd Floor, Success Square , above Tanishq Showroom Karve Putala Chowk, Karve Road Kothrud, Pune 411038",
      "Quick Links",
      "Copyright © 2025 Soulful Dental Care . All Rights Reserved"
    ]
  }
]